

WHERE FASHION GETS CREATIVE
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
My Account

Campaigns



News
Insights
Runway
Street Style



Moments
Trends


Top 10
Show Calendar

Simone Rocha
Fall 2025 Fashion Show Review

Full Show
Front Row
All Seasons
Simone Rocha Says Go Slow and Steady
Review of Simone Rocha Fall 2025 Fashion Show

By Angela Baidoo

THE COLLECTION
THE WOW FACTOR
7
THE ENGAGEMENT FACTOR
6.5
THE STYLING
8
THE CRAFTSMANSHIP
8
THE RETAIL READINESS
8
PROS
Fall 2025 proves that slow evolution is viable, as new ideas were applied over firm favourites to present a highly desirable offering. 
Cons
The fur bra and knickers appeared a bit gimmicky, but are sure to make a statement on stage or the red carpet by the new guard of artists such as Doechii or Sabrina Carpenter. 
THE VIBE
Neither past nor present, Total Tactility, Slow Design


The Showstopper

Slow and steady wins the (fashion) race according to Simone Rocha, whose fall 2025 collection was sprinkled with references to Aesop’s fable of ‘The Tortoise and the Hare’ whether it was a reptilian miniaudière or a furry  carcass draped over a shoulder. 

Going 15 years strong, if anyone can speak to Aesop’s strategy it is Rocha. Having built her brand on subverting the saccharine and toughening up hyper-feminine dresses by skewing hems and containing volume with harnesses she has built a loyal following and a strong industry fan base. In a world that is accelerating at warp speed, the concept of going slow is sure to be scoffed at – more shows, more product, more collabs, more events, engage, engage, engage – but taking a look around you will find that many more brands are starting to pull back by reframing and reducing, whether to help the bottom line or regain exclusivity. An example of this was seen at the recent menswear season saw a number of brands hold off to show co-ed during this months presentations. 

But slow and steady doesn’t mean stuck in sameness. The designer, reframing that over-used adjective ‘Timeless’ into the perfect one-liner “distilling the past for the present”, looked to her own back catalogue to twist twin sets, have fun with fur (beaver bra and knickers anyone?), and doll up denim with her signature pearl embellishment. And as the classroom is where the tall tale would have first been heard there was a clever referencing to time stolen away behind ‘Bike Sheds’ as chain jewellery and belts came adorned with a lock and key mimicking a bike chain. 

Breaking the mold with her occasion-led womenswear and building a visual stable of familiar silhouettes she has yet to be bettered in her field, and it’s part of the reason she still resonates today. Her A-line and dropped hem dresses were accompanied by fringed hem satin slips and co-ords cinched together with miles of ribbon constructed to follow the curves of the body. Cuteness overload. And as in the menswear season fur had a primal nature as her models appeared as if in pre-historic under-garments, which despite the call for slow and steady, those purveyors of fast-fashion are sure to dupe come festival season. 






THE DIRECTION
THE ON-BRAND FACTOR
8
THE BRAND EVOLUTION
6
THE PRESENTATION
5
THE INVITATION
4
THE WRAP UP

‘Not attached to today, solace in your own time and space’, today’s notes speak to a playbook fashion designers should adopt as a manifesto to survive the next wave of industry change, as there is an argument that less attachment should be placed on the here and now (although an acknowledgement of the chaos we are living through is of course a non-negotiable), as in Rocha’s work its sense of place is neither now or then, or someplace in the future, it’s a feel-good world that has been crafted within a space once only reserved for when the occasion called for it. 




Simone Rocha Fall 2025 Fashion SHow
See The Collection
Share

Angela Baidoo
Fashion Features and News Editor | The Impression
An industry insider who acts as an agent of change by delivering data-backed fashion, consumer, and socio trends. Angela has spent over a decade working with heritage luxury brands and fashion institutions as an editor and journalist, trend forecaster, strategist, and thought leader for Burberry, Vogue Business, WGSN, Instituto Marangoni, and Edited.
Related

Willy Chavarria
9
Willy Chavarria Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Willy Chavarria
Willy Chavarria Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Front Row
Willy Chavarria
Willy Chavarria Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Atmosphere
Willy Chavarria

Instagram
Search
© 2026 The Impression LLC. All Rights Reserved
