

WHERE FASHION GETS CREATIVE
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
My Account

Campaigns



News
Insights
Runway
Street Style



Moments
Trends


Top 10
Show Calendar
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda
Fall 2025 Fashion Show Review

Full Show
Atmosphere
Backstage
Details
All Seasons
Mixed-Media Magnificence
Review of Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show

By Mark Wittmer

THE COLLECTION
THE WOW FACTOR
8
THE ENGAGEMENT FACTOR
9
THE STYLING
8
THE CRAFTSMANSHIP
8.5
THE RETAIL READINESS
7
PROS
Beautifully referenced source of inspiration in a unique woman sculptor
Playful, rich, sophisticated material palette
Further blurring the boundaries between the brand’s two main categories, dresses and tailoring
Cons
While we love the originality, this collection feels less commercial than some of the brand’s previous work, which could be challenging as it has faced financial difficulty
THE VIBE
Sculptural. Playful yet sophisticated. Textural.

Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
The Showstopper

Roksanda continues to settle into a strong creative groove, returning to the same location as its show from last season and again drawing inspiration from a woman artist. Rife with texture, tension, and color, Fall 2025 is a vital assertion of the power to render the everyday extraordinary.

Barlow is best known for her monumental work in sculpture, which typically features intricately constructed, intimidatingly scaled forms in a palette of ready-made, everyday materials and almost childlike colors. Roksanda shared a quote from the artist that aptly points to the collection’s spirit of intersecting banality and extravagance: “The every day becomes absurd because it is made out of absurd materials.”

Fittingly, the material palette comes to the fore of the collection. Roksanda’s signature architectural tailoring is crafted in richly textured weaves and paired with cascades of oversized, shimmering paillettes. Dresses are laden with colorful, shaggy fringe that echoes the chaotic joy of Barlow’s mixed-media work.

The series of final looks is a particularly thrilling synthesis of the two artists’ creative worlds. These sculptural dresses feature angularly applied swathes of thick fabric realized in shapes that echo both Barlow’s sculptural paintings and the cast-off fabric cuttings we might expect to see on a studio floor, but transmuted into a larger-than-human scale. Sculpturally enveloping the body, these complex, asymmetrical, beautifully moving silhouettes feel like a living manifesto of the collection’s call to rethink where we look for beauty and what is worth preserving and celebrating.

Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
THE DIRECTION
THE ON-BRAND FACTOR
8.5
THE BRAND EVOLUTION
7.5
THE PRESENTATION
7.5
THE WRAP UP
Last season was the first since the brand narrowly avoided going into administration and found a new owner, with designer Roksanda Ilinčić pivoting from owner to focus solely on her role as creative director. The move is proving have been a smart one; not only do we get to continue to enjoy the designer’s distinctive and vital vision of a new take on artful womanhood, but the two collections since the change have been some of her best.

Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Roksanda Fall 2025 Fashion Show
See The Collection
Share

Mark Wittmer
Senior Fashion Writer | The Impression
Mark began writing for The Impression with a focus on advertising and brand communication, before taking on the additional role of fashion critic. Synthesizing these dual perspectives, he offers critical insight on creative, design, and brand strategy while covering runways from Paris, Milan, and New York.
Related
Dries Van Noten Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Review
Dries Van Noten
9.4
Dries Van Noten Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Dries Van Noten
Dries Van Noten Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Details
Dries Van Noten

Amiri

Instagram
Search
© 2026 The Impression LLC. All Rights Reserved
