

WHERE FASHION GETS CREATIVE
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
My Account

Campaigns



News
Insights
Runway
Street Style



Moments
Trends


Top 10
Show Calendar

Burberry
Fall 2025 Fashion Show Review

Full Show
Atmosphere
Details
Front Row
All Seasons
A Walk in the Countryside – As Only Burberry Can
Review of Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show

By Angela Baidoo & Mark Wittmer

THE COLLECTION
THE WOW FACTOR
7.5
THE ENGAGEMENT FACTOR
8.5
THE STYLING
9
THE CRAFTSMANSHIP
8.5
THE RETAIL READINESS
8.5
PROS
Sumptuous, pastorally inspired material palette
Made smart use of check and the trench while showing that Burberry’s identity can be much more
Cons
The brand is still on the hunt for its must-have bag
THE VIBE
Countryside-chic. Classics reconsidered. Ready for English weather.

Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
The Showstopper

Daniel Lee’s vision for Burberry continues to come deeper into focus. Fall 2025 was one of his strongest collections for the house yet, as he drew inspiration from the pastoral patina of the British countryside to bring romance and adventure to his vision of functionally updated British classics for the contemporary Londoner.

Sumptuous wool outerwear was a standout category across the collection, with relaxed takes on elements of the brand’s military history like bombers and the iconic trench promising to keep their stoic wearers luxuriously warm in English weather. Yet woven among these were some stately statement looks, like the delectably fringey wool sweater dress, the trench-dress hybrid, the long black beaded gown, or the velvet tuxedos.

Expanding on Burberry’s foundational outerwear, Lee introduced pieces with a distinctly British flavor: slick rainwear, wallpaper floral quilted jackets, and a fur cape with a Burberry check cut pile. The show had a high society, country-living vibe, reflected in the venue draped in British woodland prints and outfits that included robe-like coats and jacquard pajamas – what you might throw on to take the hounds for a final stroll under a starry sky.

British celebrities graced the runway, adding a touch of aristocracy, and Lee experimented with silhouettes – a tartan trouser/skirt hybrid was a noteworthy piece. The collection’s color palette, dominated by countryside-inspired browns, greens, burgundies, and pops of patinated gold, nicely complemented a renewed emphasis on the iconic Burberry check, which played a steady yet unobtrusive supporting role.

Smartly merchandised styling continues to be a secret weapon at Lee’s Burberry. While the search for an “it” bag continues, other accessories like check umbrellas, cozy scarves, a leather patchwork bag, and riding boots seem poised to capture the mass consumer’s interest.

Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
THE DIRECTION
THE ON-BRAND FACTOR
8
THE BRAND EVOLUTION
8
THE PRESENTATION
7.5
THE INVITATION
8
THE QUOTE
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
It’s that great Friday night exodus from London. Long rainy walks in the great outdoors to disconnect and day trips to grand stately homes.”

THE WRAP UP
Check patterns and the trench coat certainly formed key elements of the collection, but Lee cleverly wove them into a greater narrative of British country life as if to demonstrate that Burberry can be much more than these familiar pieces. Burberry is a story of myriad Britishness, of what it means to feel and dress like a Londoner – and sometimes, that means leaving London. By heading out for the countryside, Burberry has gotten back in touch with itself, and we’re excited to see Lee carry this progress forward.

Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show
Burberry Fall 2025 Fashion Show

Screenshot
See The Collection
Share

Angela Baidoo
Fashion Features and News Editor | The Impression
An industry insider who acts as an agent of change by delivering data-backed fashion, consumer, and socio trends. Angela has spent over a decade working with heritage luxury brands and fashion institutions as an editor and journalist, trend forecaster, strategist, and thought leader for Burberry, Vogue Business, WGSN, Instituto Marangoni, and Edited.
Related
Hed Mayner Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Hed Mayner
Kolor Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Kolor
Kolor Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Backstage
Kolor
Kolor Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Details
Kolor

Instagram
Search
© 2026 The Impression LLC. All Rights Reserved
