

WHERE FASHION GETS CREATIVE
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
My Account

Campaigns



News
Insights
Runway
Street Style



Moments
Trends


Top 10
Show Calendar

Di Petsa
Fall 2025 Fashion Show Review

Full Show
Backstage
Details
All Seasons
The Duality of Desire at Di Petsa
Review of Di Petsa Fall 2025 Fashion Show

By Angela Baidoo

THE COLLECTION
THE WOW FACTOR
5
THE ENGAGEMENT FACTOR
5
THE STYLING
6
THE CRAFTSMANSHIP
7
THE RETAIL READINESS
6
PROS
A constant bright spot on the London fashion week calendar, Dimitra Petsa has lost none of what brought her industry acclaim with Di Petsa, with her knack for storytelling always utilised as an effective tool within her runway shows.
Cons
Despite the fact that the wet-look technique has become her calling card – reworked every season via new fabrications – is it time to shift to a new theme? Either as an addition or an evolution?
THE VIBE
Divinity, Darkness, Desire


The Showstopper

What propels a young designer into the limelight in today’s image-obsessed culture is often a strong directional aesthetic that operates within a particular niche. A niche which can be strangely intriguing to an increasingly fatigued customer due to its ability to offer them something different. But it is often after a few solid seasons – and the rise of newer younger designers – that the decision whether to stick or shift comes into play. Evolve or die if you will.

In the case of designer Dimitra Petsa, her wet-look technique and the glorification of the goddess  always makes for an engaging presentation, where the thread of storytelling, usually extracted from the folklore tales of her greek heritage (this season it was the turn of Eros) is evident through the performance or props carried by models. Yet, this season, while her presentation tapped into a battle between light and dark, the underworld and paradise, the collection could have benefitted from a tighter edit and an extension of her exploration into knitwear, such as a menswear sweater with a lattice detail could have been translated into a number of figure-flattering silhouettes, as we have seen in past seasons with her laddering textures.

Another particularly strong look in the collection was her  fur dress spliced with leather panels which presented as a new way to incorporate animal patterns onto the runway, rather than the tried and tested leopard or zebra print coats, and by taking a look at the way in which retail stockists buy into the brand – either opting for the dramatic eveningwear or the signature wet-look effect in everyday jersey separates – there is scope to build out the Di Petsa world with the addition of highly-tactile yet structured styles. 

In her storytelling Petsa rarely misses and like many of her peers who want to speak to the current climate without being overly explicit, they speak instead to the battle between darkness and light. For Petsa darkness came in the form of the vampire, as models bared their fangs symbolising “the hunger within desire, the darkness that sharpens the light” as outlined in the show notes.  But desire was also reflected as light as the chest and crotch were a key focus for todays collection, representing “the two divine centres of pleasure, emotion, and power”, perhaps alluding to the fact that it is in fact the way in which we subvert desire that can lead down a path of good or evil – desire for power and money, or a desire for love and connection. A subtle, subliminal, and ohh so smart observation from Di Petsa.







THE DIRECTION
THE ON-BRAND FACTOR
9
THE BRAND EVOLUTION
6
THE PRESENTATION
5
THE INVITATION
5
THE WRAP UP

A constant stand-out on the London fashion week schedule, the brands singular narrative showed the promise of exploration into new themes that played with familiar ideas – such as an animal print update and innovative take on the tracksuit – while her view on the fight between darkness and light being tied up in something as basic as desire is so simple its subversive. 





See The Collection
Share

Angela Baidoo
Fashion Features and News Editor | The Impression
An industry insider who acts as an agent of change by delivering data-backed fashion, consumer, and socio trends. Angela has spent over a decade working with heritage luxury brands and fashion institutions as an editor and journalist, trend forecaster, strategist, and thought leader for Burberry, Vogue Business, WGSN, Instituto Marangoni, and Edited.
Related

Hed Mayner
Kolor Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Kolor
Kolor Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Backstage
Kolor
Kolor Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Details
Kolor

Instagram
Search
© 2026 The Impression LLC. All Rights Reserved
