

WHERE FASHION GETS CREATIVE
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
My Account

Campaigns



News
Insights
Runway
Street Style



Moments
Trends


Top 10
Show Calendar

Jawara Alleyne
Fall 2025 Fashion Show Review

Full Show
Details
All Seasons
Jawara Alleyne’s Meticulous Maximalist Construction
Review of Jawara Alleyne Fall 2025 Fashion Show

By Angela Baidoo

THE COLLECTION
THE WOW FACTOR
6.5
THE ENGAGEMENT FACTOR
6
THE STYLING
7
THE CRAFTSMANSHIP
5
THE RETAIL READINESS
6
PROS
Jawara Alleyne is providing a new way to consider sustainable design by looking at how clothing can be repurposed and rethought as items to love for the long-term and taking his ideas for a walk through the seasons, as opposed to reacting to trends or market forces.
Cons
As the brands specific method of construction is not the most accessible styling with more everyday items, may become a necessity in his collections in the future.
THE VIBE
Splicing and shredding, Radical repurposing, Subverting simplicity


The Showstopper

A meticulous method of constructing a maximalist (without obviously appearing so) viewpoint is setting Jawara Alleyne up for a long career in explorative design that will influence what we wear everyday. 

The last time I watch his show for the fall 2022 season of Fashion East I wondered allowed how he would develop his shredded and pinned up garment-making technique to create a viable design language that could be worn in an everyday setting. Today for fall 2025 the designer is continuing to formulate an even clearer answer to that question as thoughtful experiments in construction merged with the utilisation of a deeper range of fabrics and graphic prints. Here spliced vertically as if they had been fed through a shredder and layered, perhaps a nod to the life that is still left in the universe of fabric play that Alleyne works with every season. 

Thinking commercially this collection may be a particularly challenging exercise for only the most experienced of forward-thinking retail buyer to solve. Even so, we know that these collections aren’t just presented as showcases to sell clothes. There is the need to keep reaching back to that initial spark which inspired a career in fashion and keep the lines of creativity open. That is one of the key reasons that global buyers often make the trip to London in the first place. 

This season the designers method of layering and reworking also made the case for re-purposing via reinvention. His ‘haute’ takes for fall produced shirts that had been reversed and flipped upside down to tailored shorts worn over flared jeans, strips of multi-coloured jersey fabric twisted and gathered while lace was secured to the body via a simple tie. This signature technique is one that will align with how the next generation are creating a lane for themselves when it comes to personal style, and this is a collection they will instantly ‘get’ for its dismissal of the perfectly cut pant or cuffed hem, its imperfection with impact. Here’s to his dedicated stockists, celebrity fans and industry supporters continuing to see the potential in the brands method of mashing-up the norm.  







THE DIRECTION
THE ON-BRAND FACTOR
8.5
THE BRAND EVOLUTION
6
THE PRESENTATION
5
THE WRAP UP

Having already achieved more than most young designers could hope for – outfitting Shakira and her dancers for her most recent tour, becoming one of Rihanna’s favoured brands, having their work featured in an exhibition at the National Gallery of the Cayman Islands, and most recently becoming a Graduate Fashion Foundation ambassador – Alleyne is on a mission to hone his craft and continue building his world around technique. So much so that in the near-future you could be presented with a look from the brand and it will be instantly recognisable, a task which he is already part-way through completing. 




See The Collection
Share

Angela Baidoo
Fashion Features and News Editor | The Impression
An industry insider who acts as an agent of change by delivering data-backed fashion, consumer, and socio trends. Angela has spent over a decade working with heritage luxury brands and fashion institutions as an editor and journalist, trend forecaster, strategist, and thought leader for Burberry, Vogue Business, WGSN, Instituto Marangoni, and Edited.
Related
Amiri Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Amiri
Amiri Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show Details
Amiri
Givenchy Spring 2027 Men's collection
Givenchy
7.1
Im Men Spring 2027 Men's Fashion Show
Im Men

Instagram
Search
© 2026 The Impression LLC. All Rights Reserved
